Contract (Difference between OPEN & NON-OPEN)


-Individual Licence

3.	INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
3.4	The University and the Students hereby grant to the Individual at no additional cost a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty free, worldwide, irrevocable licence in the Background IP and know how belonging to the University or the Students as appropriate in so far as the same are necessary for the purposes of exploiting the Foreground IP licensed to the Individual in accordance with the provisions of clause 3.6.

3.5	If the Students include any “open source” code in the Deliverables they will advise the Individual.  The Individual acknowledges and agrees that the Students may include any “open source” code in the Project and the Individual acknowledges that any further source code developments or modifications of such software which is undertaken by the Students during the Project will be made available to the Individual under the terms of the relevant licence under which development has taken place.
3.6	The University and the Students (insofar as each is able and subject to clause 3.5) hereby grant to the Individual a non-exclusive licence to use (and sublicence the use of) any Foreground IP in the Deliverables for the full period of copyright including all periods of renewal, extension and revival of the copyright and all necessary consents including under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 as amended from time to time or any enactment that replaces it to enable the Individual to change, modify, adapt, publish, distribute, exhibit, use and otherwise exploit the Deliverables whether alone or incorporated in or in conjunction with other works worldwide.  The Students will, subject to the licence contained in this clause 3.6, retain all Foreground IP in the Deliverables, the report and presentation.

3.7	No compensation shall be paid to either the University or any Student in relation to the licence in clause 3.6 above. 

3.8	Each of the Students hereby waive in favour of the Individual all moral rights in the Deliverables to which the Students may be entitled under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 as amended from time to time and under all similar legislation from time to time in force anywhere in the world to the extent necessary for the Individual to exploit the licensed rights subject to the terms of this licence.

3.9	The Individual acknowledges and agrees that nothing in this Agreement shall impose on the University and/or the Students any obligation to protect or enforce any Intellectual Property Rights.

-------------------

-Individual OPEN Licence

3.	INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
3.4	The Students may include “open source” code in the Project and it is agreed by the Parties that the Foreground IP in the Deliverables will be “open source” or “open content” and the Deliverables will be made available to the Individual under the terms of the relevant licence under which development has taken place.  The Students will retain all Foreground IP in the report and presentation.

7.	GENERAL 
7.13	The Parties shall do and execute all such further acts and things as are reasonably required to give full effect to the rights given and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
